Blackjack 2.0

Round Created
With each round the player is dealt two cards and the computer player is also dealt two cards. (Player = 2 Cards, AI = 2 Cards)
The player can then either stick (no more cards are dealt) or twist (deal another card), this process is repeated until bust (over 21) or stick.


Data Structure

Menu (Selection/ loop) 
- New Game (IF "New Game" is selected, Start round)
- Help (IF "Help" is selected, cout >> "How to play. The rules are to blackjack are..."
- About (IF "About" is selected, cout >> "Blackjack (or Pontoon) is a card game..."
- Exit Game (IF "Exit Game" is selected, return to menu.
(The player should be able to play until they want to exit, returning him to the main menu)

^ Menu not apart of main game, but must be accessible at any time.


Round: 
{
Deal Cards
- Give player two random cards
- Give AI (Dealer) two random cards
- IF player has an ace, choose: '1' OR '11'

Player 1: Choose Action (Stick or twist)
- Chooses option 1, proceed to neck section.
- Chooses option 2, gives player another card.

AI (Dealer): Choose Action (Stick or twist)
- If both numbers above 17, stick.
- Else, twist and receive an extra card then immediately stick.
- IF AI recieves an ace, choose ace value '1' IF above overall card value above 10, else choose ace value '11'. Else continue. (Nested Loop)

Which hand is best (Winning Hand):
Hierarchy of hands:
1. 21 is the best hand (Pontoon)
2. Hand of five cards totalling 21 (Five Card Trick)
3. Hand of three or four cards totalling 21 or less.
4. Hands with 20 or fewer points and fewer than five cards rank in order of their point value – the nearer to 21 the better.
5. Hands with more than 21 points are bust and are worthless.
6. If the computer and a player have equal valued hands, then the computer (dealer) wins.

Choose best hand based on the hierarchy:
IF Player 1 hand > AI hand, but < 21, cout >> "Player 1 wins!"
IF Player 1 hand = AI hand, check hierarchy and determine which is the highest hierarchy.
Else cout >> "AI (Dealer) wins!"

Rematch?
IF yes, repeat Round process.
Else, return to menu.
}